For some reason kept on
setting it to ******* 40%
volume, I don't know why.
I meant to say the start
of our recording.
That's why.
So now they can see how bad
cloud ultras. Then yeah, I have
my microphone set so nothing can
change it and yet somehow.
It always ***** with it.
So I would like to chair
meeting 7. Should we punish
Shannon and make him chair
meeting 7 May as well?
I've actually gone through.
And credit all missing
agendas and actions from
all the meetings. Oh
that's all just punching in the
last half hour there. Not too
too elaborate, but there there
they never wear in the last one
either. Yeah, so yeah, just try
to snap this to another screen.
So the agenda I got for this
meeting is just to finalize or
documents. Give yourselves a Pat
on the back for getting the ****
done. And discuss any any
problems that anyone has.
I have a problem.
And despite this or earlier.
People were ignoring me while
I was talking before. That's
my problem, but it turned out
it was just my microphone not
working.
I'm in my care.
Well, actually just your
microphone was working the
whole time. I just thought
I'd give you a taste of your
own medicine contigo.
Yeah, we had a meeting earlier.
I'm in a group, you know, with a
bunch of trolls.
It all started from.
I've had a look through and I'm
pretty sure we have all
documents filled out now except
for. Group team reflection and I
think Sam's Group reflection and
obviously Mattie's, but I don't
know what to do. I've done with
that one. Find Adams.
Also lost.
Sounds like it's 90%.
Thanks Sam's CI Sam's. Must've
been there. Yeah no, no, no Sam.
Hum.
About 30 hours until
we have to hand it in.
Yeah. Some light.
What time is it midnight?
Yep.
Yeah. So I was looking through.
Looking off the.
Dub city.
Assignment PDF an what we have
and I'm pretty sure we got
everything, but I have to double
check again. I'll probably
print it out and just cross
off what's actually there,
but.
No good thing to
add now is like.
The project stuff.
No. I filled out the other
sections I I did a.
I made up some BS for that extra
section they added to the top,
which was group processes. Yep,
I just added some BS there, plus
what plus the main section for
our group feedback of that last
Simon and then just add it in
like half a paragraph under
that. Yeah, sweet.
Yeah, I put all the jobs in
today. The tools except for the
graph, the table there I'll put
that in. Light tomorrow will be
like one of the last things.
I've gotta put in all the
meeting stuff and then it's
just project plan.
Take your time. You should see
but I got I got that time frame
done. I got that testing done.
So which is Adam was talking
about the table? It's basic too,
but they're there.
I even added some stuff to
project plans and progress.
Yeah, I'm I'm reading that now.
Yeah, I was like.
Um, I added some extra
parts in there, OK?
Just just add me it's currently
sitting at a good 4 pages. Yeah,
it's just pages exactly there.
Fill the blanks in, yeah?
I just filled out like Isaiah
last week's content and.
What does the print testing
features, promotional content
and what stage were up to order
celebrated on those three?
I just did some minor edits,
adding some extra stuff. That's
all just adding ******** filler.
No. In that section where it
says what stage are we up to
is that thing like has to be
updated every week or with
just like a general.
No, I think that's like a one
paragraph general. I think
it's just a general thing of
what we're up to when we
submit it so.
So I put in where we should
be up to you by the end of
it. Which, yeah, as long as
they don't ask to see it
working UI app it should be
fine. OK, it's not. It's
not one of the artifacts.
I did have a quick perusal of
the other ones, but my dear, I
haven't looked too hard at them.
They look good so.
Solano, that's a good
presentation.
Have you seen the presentation
George? Yeah man yeah.
Log it downloaded on my
computer. Yeah, I showed it
to my daughter is like.
Kids love it. Oh
yeah, cow moo.
How's it, yeah, it's alright.
It could be better, but it's
yeah. Again, it's there. I think
it's pretty good. No? I think
it's pretty good, yeah?
Better than I thought it
was gonna be.
Better than finger puppets.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Separate backgrounds look
surprisingly. A lot of the jpegs
you get, even if they.
You know off you know they're
free, free, and royalty free.
They just sometimes just upload
is black and white and it's just
annoys the hell out here.
So you're saying?
Yeah, something like that, but
it's but they were. They were
open Copyright royalty royalty
free images so it didn't make
sense. Yeah, OK.
Go to set my night light on
because this screen.
That's better, I don't look like
a ******* guys now.
No looks really good. The
presentation was like, yeah.
And this is part here. I just I
looped. As you can tell from the
starter, I just looped it
because yeah, yeah it works.
The Mongoose.
Rural.
What do you think of the sounds?
Could you tell it was me
the whole way?
Are you doing all the voices I
tried? I decided on a morthor.
Corner voice in the dark for the
Mongoose making tough even gave
him like a amora chipmunk voice
which also sounded pretty cool
but put aside against it yeah?
I love the voice of the cow.
Yeah.
Do you like I wasn't expecting?
Don't worry, little one.
Smoke dot get my daughter.
It's gonna keep going. There's
more to it. Yeah there is.
There's a lot to it though.
And then yeah, that was just all
Jeff creation switches.
A lot easier to use than
trying to make scenes.
Some might be copyrighted,
but I just didn't care.
I'm not really selling anything.
No.
That you uploaded it to YouTube,
isn't it? And universities get
some kind of like.
Free use of proprietary things
to some extent damages.
The teaching.
But yeah, I don't upload it to
YouTube so. Oh no, no.
We've had one view.
Gonna you again.
It doesn't count my views
'cause I'm sorry signed into
YouTube as myself and I
uploaded the video as myself.
How many users have got one?
Can you search for it and find
it? I see that you need the link
if you go to the assessment 5
website link. At the YouTube
links there I also posted it
contains, I think.
I'll place it here again.
Check how many views it said.
He gets in chat.
I wanna go.
Your video Oh yeah, YouTube.
So we feel.
Friends listed as unlisted.
3 beers and I'll give her a
like. There you go like.
I'm not familiar with how many
views gynes. It's pretty good.
What exactly had like 3 views?
Now who's part of the
programming ones you meant
to watch each week? Then it
like 300 years.
Considering the classes been
going since the videos are made
in 2013, it's a bit.
Yeah. Yeah, 200 students per
class. You do 4 classes a year.
That's 800. I'll
edit this for you.
800 / A span of seven
years ago you had 3554 views.
Screenshot this.
You have the comments turn
off in the morning.
What is this ****?
Yeah, take a look
at all those views.
Got nothing.
Yeah, I've gone through it all
and it looks good. Looks likely.
Done, that's a **** ton
of musician.
Where's my royalties? That's
at least $0.10, right there?
Think because it's unlisted.
We don't get any rule for. I
think you actually have to get
a million views before they
give you anything. No, really?
A million views is only worth.
10 bucks 32 grand.
R2 three $1000 per million.
Oh, that's right. It's 1000
views before you get
anything, and I think you
only get like ten, $0.20,
yeah.
But they have to also watch two
ads unit, yeah?
That's why most people put their
sponsored sponsored videos in
there so they actually get
money. Do they give you like you
like like a second amount of
time like that?
Are you updating?
They pay monthly, but
that's about it.
So what if you believe it comes
really pointing at like 1000
views after in a month and then
they pay you money? If you don't
you will you get *******?
Double government really
popular in a couple of
years. Then you'll start
getting money again.
Did you get those artifacts done
by chance? No.
What are they anyway? Just a
sketch. I gotta do a sketch
and a tutorial video and
couple more.
Figma layout designs.
Tutorial video gonna look like
I'll just be a screen capture
kind of thing. Yeah it's gonna
be a screen catch and then I'll
do like a voice over probably.
Yeah.
Probably with a, uh.
A What's Morgan Freeman
voiceover?
Is actually going to put in the.
The 15 week thing is that we
could make our.
With the team we currently have,
we could not go to make our app
tutorials bilingual.
George, just stupid voice
actors in Spanish.
Oh yeah.
Equals 99 to unlock
the Spanish version.
Just to give it some of that
extra. Oh, they make it you
like universal for everyone.
It's awesome, yeah?
Should I pay them monthly fee of
like 299? But if they want to
unlock the Spanish version they
gotta for him pay extra?
Everything, everything
all the extra features
are all pay gated.
But I only speak Spanish if I
give it. We only sell
initially the English version
and then you gotta buy the add
on to get your own language.
That the the plot thickens on
our pyramids game here.
Yeah.
I don't think it's.
Have you guys looked through the
rest of it to just make sure?
I mean, I didn't study, I'm
just going through all the
plants in progress. I'm reading
that.
Everyone was happy with the
changes I made to like their
their their text that they
wrote. So they're different
bits. Yeah yeah, I just
yeah, I don't know.
I was just going off the
Grammarly recommendations. It's
like you should probably use
this word, so I'm like OK use
that word. Yeah yeah, that would
look so good.
I honestly probably.
Write something and I forget
what I wrote, so it doesn't
really matter to me. I think
one thing and then write the
something else while I'm
trying to do it all.
I'm so used to doing like
insurance insurance. No no.
Hello.
So insurance.
Super planned language. When
you do insurance report, yeah.
Plus it's like you know it's
plot. It's like plumbing wise
insurance reports. So you
gotta investigate what's
wrong. And it's blatantly
obvious you put in one
sentence, but they want full
party.
So it's just put up put on, put
on the push, and stretch. Two
sentence is introduced.
It's just.
But I love it.
Kids won't share the Doritos.
Yeah.
Before in the first one
to get him.
I gave him the bag and I'm like
just sharing on the table and
then putting up and I'm like oh
I'll come in there and I'll kick
your ***. It's like no come on.
Well, I think we're gonna hit
it. I think I'm gonna be
finishing website late tomorrow
night. So.
Only because.
So what did you do?
Did you hit? Yeah, I'll be back.
Hey Ray, right?
Now I think we could.
Well, you should be done.
Yeah, well, I'll just ask Adam.
When is the time limit before I
can push all of this ticket?
Are you push it all now? Push it
all now? Oh yeah, yeah do you do
you? Do you have any um?
Which ones are the plans
in progress? Is and all
that George? Or yeah.
Yeah, I'm think I'm pretty sure.
Worlds I don't know, I
don't yeah.
I don't know if I don't know if
Sam is gonna add up something
else, but I'll I'll I'll I'll
read it, I'll read it already to
tonight and then I'll see if I
can add a bit more and.
Yeah, you can change
something other stuff put
into, but yes, I said I've
just added a few things to.
Add extra that we might need or
may not need. Yep.
Sorry.
Just have to do spot plus which
will be in about a week or
something, yeah? Yeah.
Just I remember we can't
copy and paste this time.
Yeah, yeah I didn't.
I did, yeah.
They re market higher so you
know we should say give anybody
higher marks without decreasing
other people. So I just went
straight down the middle and
then exactly the I copied and
paste it except I I put it
changed the first name in each
sentence still over.
Yes, mine had the same base and
then I was like 1 sentence for
each person after it when I was
in. Um?
But it said you need to
write like 2 lines for
each person, so.
I didn't say we had to. They did
say 2 lines for each person, so
I guess that well, they're
assuming. And that is too unique
sentence is fake person. Yeah,
that's 2121 for each person is
the same. You can do the same.
If everyone worked the same,
but I don't see why you can't
make him the same.
That's right, we'll just
we'll just complain about
everybody this time.
I'm still what are we going
to do? The contributions
form at the end now.
Would you put Mattie on there
and sign it at 16?
And then just missing out on
her group reflection paragraph.
I was like I was talking
in my mic was off again.
Well, it only matters if the
majority signs it so.
Would you just put on a note if
they ask, or when I submit it,
I'll just put a comment that we
lost contact with Matty in the
last week? Yeah yeah, yeah.
And just leave her group
reflection by kept right?
Yeah, I'll put it. I'll
mention it in there that we
weren't. We're unable to get
ahold of her in the last week
as well, so yeah, I'll see it
now. Can make note of it.
Other than that, can't do much
with email message to discorder.
Yeah, tag her in every
meeting and a lot of
comments and no response so.
Plus I'd be like, oh, we
already know she's not doing
the course anymore.
Yeah, well it makes it.
She should pass anyway,
right? Like whatever market
she hasn't unenrolled
already. This would make the
pass. So yeah yeah yeah, oh
she didn't drop out, yeah?
'cause she she was here for most
of it. So yeah, yeah, sure yeah.
Unit.
**** yeah, hopefully she's not
doing a bot.
Yes baby, shame dropping this
line. Yeah. At least get you
know this this subject out of
the way and leave the intro to
programming till next time.
She's still there.
Where in the group on in the
group? Yeah, still.
Washington Alright, sorry to
hear. I'm sorry they didn't.
They don't remove anybody from a
canvas wouldn't they? Unenroll
or drop out or everybody still
in those groups?
That's why I said, like what?
They're just not active yet.
That's why people had
problems with groups where
they were like a member of
one and everybody else was
gone because they didn't
know.
Alright, well I'll stop the
recording then if we don't have
anything else to mention,
nothing real good. Yeah, I think
that underscore George went to
ask you to get up. Oh yeah.
Yeah, get it pretty sorry yeah,
you're gonna upload all that
tonight. You George. Oh yeah,
I'm gonna push that to get. Yeah
the first one let me the plans
in progress. Penny gone,
gonna have a bath.
Sorry.
'cause I think I
think we all have.
I think they're all good enough
to put in the website, just
maybe a grammar Lee. Don't think
anything else needs to be added.
To the project stuff. Yeah plans
and projects yeah, but I said
it's fine I'll just give it
another read tonight because I
don't know if Sam is gonna add
anything, yeah? I'll give you
some to the morning ish if he's
gonna let me know in the morning
or late tonight. When is it done
otherwise anyway? I'll leave a
message for him. Yeah, I'll send
him a message.
'cause then I can get my other
stuff done in the morning and
then once that's done then I can
wait finish questioning at the
report because the whole all the
new sections I gotta format for
HTML into the website. So that
will that's basically paragraph
by paragraph dot point by Dot
point, image by image. So yeah
can take time.
Like the rest of the phone would
just be that big multi page one.
Yeah adding 4834 pages of text
can be a nightmare, yes.
But it shouldn't be too hard. It
shouldn't take too long, I
should. I'll definitely have it
done by like 11.
pizza yeah? Well, um I've got.
I've got an alarm set anyway, so
that's like, reminds me 15
minutes before so I can do my
final checks on everything. And
then I normally submit it like a
minute before the due date.
Would be a good time for
something to count again
error uploading.
And then I'll be like
screenshot and I would like
emailing it to Mr. Clap on
my. I'm not losing for like
bloody 10% because it didn't.
Anyone upload that?
The people who will upload the
contributions as well. Yeah,
I'll do it all in one here and
the Assignment 5. Yeah, it's all
up weight or three. Yeah, yeah,
I should probably bring my timer
back an extra minute to make
sure I get it all done then get
off it. Is it just an extra
minute? Not too. You don't need
that much so don't need to.
Every time I use canvas it
complaints because stuff loads
too fast. I get this like for
save it. Yeah, give me some
security error or every time
because over like when your
internets too good.
Well, I have to tell I log in
and I just click sign in and
then I just instantly half the
time I get is it gonna? It's not
gonna do it this time.
Thomas gonna do it.
They must have fixed it.
Do you, do you know on your
dashboard you can actually
move those boxes around?
Frenzy.
But I can't move the
marking rubric.
No, there we go get 403
forbidden rate limit exceeded.
I'm like, oh I did was log
in and click on something.
Yeah, it's Friday.
Can I fully? I got, we've got
everything that they complained
about this time so.
Sure we did.
The report the PDF report
won't take too much longer
than the website or.
Uh, it's actually quicker for me
to do the Word document than it
is to do with the changing into
a HTML document.
'cause I gotta take into
account when people use
symbols and stuff that I
that need to be changed over
like ampersand and amp.
You know, for the ampersands and
stuff, and some of those, I
actually gotta go through and
find them to make sure.
If people write stuff in
italics because it's a quote,
I've gotta go through to find
that change that.
This label was just
straightforward.
Alex
I could just cheat and I could
just be like. Spread file save
as web page.
Then stuff over word stuff into
another stylesheet somewhere,
that's like. Like 3 pages
like 3 style sheets deep
so they don't find it.
I'll probably take me what?
Now the two hours to finish the
report. Probably another 2 1/2,
maybe 3 hours to finish the side
off. Check for bugs.
And then let's see.
Kill I still don't know where
I'm gonna stick my artifacts on
the website. I think I might
just make a tab called
artifacts. I guess so.
Yeah, but it really.
They didn't really say don't
really specify where it's meant
to be, yeah?
So you just put.
We have tried an artifact.
It's an actual straight a
model. It's in the Mail.
Yeah, it's in the Mail will get
it sometime in 2022.
Will get back to you.
Recording them.
That's right. Good sleep.